<font face="arial"> <p>Jared Paul Wilson is recognized as an award winning professional Texas wildlife and western artist and published children's book author and illustrator.  Wilson grew up in a strong family environment that fostered his curiosity and desire to explore the world around him with all the beauty Texas countryside offers. He spent days traversing the outdoors and then would return to his house and fill pads of paper with all the amazing things he had encountered.  Overtime, Wilson's love for southern culture and wildlife combined with innate talent and a fertile imagination guided him to continue his studies at Midwestern State University where he graduated Cum Laude with a B.F.A.<br>  <p>As a professional, Wilson focuses on depicting Texas culture and the wildlife that inhabit its vast landscapes.  Staying true to the wonders of Texas and all its intricacies is a passion of Wilson.  He is extremely proud about his native Texas heritage and all aspects that make the Lone Star State both unique and beautiful.  In his artwork, Wilson strives to evoke a sense of feeling and connection with the viewer through each piece - a responsibility not taken lightly.  In order to truly capture the heart of the South, Wilson has traveled extensively, and his Prismacolor Premier pencils are merely a vessel depicting his heart's passion.<br>  <p>Wilson is a two-time cancer survivor and through his life-threatening battles awoke a burning passion to share his love for wildlife and western art with the world.  It is this brush with mortality that has driven the artist to maintain an unwavering and uncanny work ethic evident through his artwork.  Every day given is a gift from God and Jared Paul Wilson creates artwork in an effort to not waste a moment of it.  The artist was recently interviewed by international clothing brand UV Skinz in regards to his battles with cancer and his career as an artist, author and illustrator.<br>  <p>Working in Prismacolor Premier Soft Cored Pencils, Wilson generates a high level of meticulously photo realistic detail, texture and contrast within all of his masterpieces, a hallmark of Jared Paul Wilson artwork.  The artist is constantly pushing himself to discover new ways to manipulate the medium in order to achieve desired results.  The artist's goal is that the viewer not simply obtain an accurate and satisfying depiction of Texas living, but also experience the artwork and be drawn into the wildlife and western image.<br>  <p>Art by Jared Paul Wilson can be found in several private collections worldwide and his reputation as a wildlife and western artist is quickly building momentum.  With several exhibits and awards, Wilson has been featured on the cover of magazines such as Hill Country Sun and been interviewed on radio shows such as the Texas Wildlife Radio Show and the Financial Breeze (with listeners in over 100 countries).  Recently Wilson was profiled by Prismacolor, the internationally acclaimed company that produces the medium the artist uses when rendering his wildlife and western artworks.<br>  <p>In December 2009, Jared Paul Wilson married his wife, Erin, on the beautiful beaches of Fort Lauderdale, FL.  Erin is a native Minnesotan and the two currently reside in Lake Jackson, TX with their daughter, Lily Madison, and a beagle named Daisy.<br> </font> 